---
aliases:
  - "2025317183003"
tags: []
related:
---

you sit with your feet in the water at your hotel's pool enjoying the florida heat

you had almost drown at a swimming lesson not too long ago, so you're not too keen on actually getting into the water, but there is a very cute boy who's family is also here on vacation swimming in the pool.

you find your deep-seated fear of water and your yet-to-be-realized homosexuality at odds with each other. you don't realize this yet, but you will understand this decades later

<> was so cool. he had travelled the world and spoke four languages. and you were sitting at but not in the water, because swimming was scary.

"come in!" he says while playfully splashing you.

memories of being a few inches shorter and desperately trying to kick off a bottom of a much larger pool to get to surface for one last breath bubble up, and you sit with them for a moment.

<> dives under the water and does a handstand, sticking his skinny legs straight up into the air

he falls ass forward, splashing you again.

"see! it's not too deep!"

you hadn't told <> you were scared of water like a little bitch. you were trying to play it cool, and it was not cool to be scared of swimming.

you'd spent the majority of your week hanging around <> because he was the only other boy around your age around. making friends is hard for you, but you connected with him intellectually and asked all about his travels. florida is the furthest you've ever travelled from home, but he had been to and lived in a dozen or so different *countries.* that he also had big, beautiful, dark eyes and perfect sunkissed skin are elements of this story you do not consciously understand yet.

in that moment, you made the decision to go talk to the smart boy in the pool.

doing this will unlock multiple quest lines later in your life, but all that you care about in the moment is being close to <>. you wanted to be in the pool with him, despite a pool being involved in your near death experience.

you take off your shirt and make your way to the pool's stairs. you hadn't been able to even sit in a bathtub for years. you're already confronting a fear by getting into the water -- you don't need to show off by jumping in.

<> seems to understand your apprehension and patiently waits for you.

you submerge yourself up to your chest

flashbacks of coughing up water while looking up a high ceiling surrounded by a lifeguard, a soaking wet man wearing a suit, and your crying mother hit you like a ton of bricks.

> I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me.

you're well read for a teenager.

back in the moment, <> swims over to you

"it's not so scary when you can stand"

"just don't drag me underwater"

and in a moment of vulnerability, you add "i almost drown once."

"really?"

"yeah. in a bigger pool. a man i don't know dove in and saved me."

<> reflects on this.

"and now you're in a pool with me"

he squirts a stream of water from his mouth at your face, dives, does another handstand, and waves at you with his foot.

"the water is nice. dunk your head in."

you positively do not want to be underwater.

<> wades closer to you and takes your hands and says "here, i'll do it with you. on three!"

"ok..."

"one."

"two."

he gazes into your eyes deeply.

"three!"

and you both take a breath, submerge your whole selves in the water, and quickly come back up into life-giving atmosphere.

you're heart feels like it's going to burst from your chest.

<> smiles and asks "are you still afraid?"

you submerge yourself again and see if you remember how to swim. you do of course. swimming is a physical skill your body remembers, like riding a bike.

you do a lap around him like a shark.

"i don't think so"

<> laughs and splashes you again

some time later when you're both drying off to head to dinner with your respective families, <> asks you "have you been to the beach?"

you look at him and say "i've been *on* the beach."

"do you want to go to the beach with me later?"

"later?"

"at night. it's really pretty."

you technically don't have a curfew on vacation. you don't even have to sneak out.

"ok. at night."

"wear your bathing suit in case you want to go in the water."

"you mean in the ocean. in the ocean at night."

"yes. in the water." he gestures at the pool you two had just been swimming in for a number of hours.

"ok..."

"ok." he beams, "meet me by the boats at midnight"

the hotel rents kayaks to its patrons. you know where he was talking about.

you nod and say "see you then"

all throughout dinner, you think of <>, and how *cool* you think he is. this motherfucker had literally held your hand as your conquered a significant fear and now you were possibly going night swimming with him -- in the giant and scary ocean -- later.

you do not share these thoughts with your family.

later, you lie to your mom and say you're going to go read outside for a while *on* the beach. you don your bathing suit, grab a towel, and toss a book -- Dante's *Inferno* -- into a small bag to sell the lie.

The fact that Dante's *Inferno* is a alchemical allegory about descending into the depths of hell to purify one's soul is lost upon you in this moment. you're just going to hang out with <>.

"don't stay out too late, honey. we're going to see alligators tomorrow."  fucking alligators. today you faced the water. tomorrow you must face literal dinosaurs. what even is florida?

you meet <> by the kayak rental pavilion at midnight.

"what did you have for dinner?" he asks

"mac and cheese. how about you?"

"fish."

you do not care for fish. 

"ew."

"yeah...it wasn't that good" he laughs.

"let's put our stuff over there" <> says as he indicates a secluded area near some palm trees. he had also brought a towel and a bag with some stuff in it. probably to sell whatever lie he had told his own parents.

you lay out your towels and sit quietly on the beach under the moonlight, listening to the rhythmic sound of waves crashing on the beach.

"you wore your bathing suit. do you want to in the water?"

you regard the ocean, take a deep breath, but say nothing.

he nudges you playfully.

"i thought you weren't scared of the water anymore."

this motherfucker had logic trapped you.

you sideeye him and concede an intellectual battle

only if you hold my hand. and only where we can touch.

"ok."

he takes your hand and guides you into the abyss. the water is chilly at night, and you feel goosebumps form on your skin.

<> decides to deal with the cold like a band aid and goes underwater to quickly acclimate to the temperature. he wipes the salt water from his face.

"you try. i'm right here."

he quickly adds "real quick. like in the pool," ignoring that we were in an ocean that's immensely deep and filled with monsters.

you squeeze his hand to ensure you've got something of a lifeline in case you're overcome with a panic attack or something, and dunk you head in the water.

"it's not so scary when you can stand" you say, mirroring your earlier conversation.

"or sit" he adds as he seats himself on the ocean floor. and splahes a spot next to him. while seated, the shallow water comes up to his neck, but his head is still above water.

you sit next to him and you both stargaze for a while.

"my family is leaving tomorrow" he says, out of the blue. "how about yours?"

"the next day. we're apparently traveling to see alligators tomorrow."

"oh."

you both let the finality of your brief friendship sink in.

"yeah. i had a lot of fun with you this week, though."

"me, too"

you sit in silence for some time, still holding hands underwater. he pulls himself a little closer to you so you're shoulder to shoulder.

"have you ever kissed a girl?"

you snort.

"yes and also no -- a girl tried to kiss me once and i was so surprised that i headbutted her and gave her a giant nosebleed"

"a nosebleed!?"

"i thought i broke her nose!"

<> starts laughing hysterically.

"that's really funny."

"it kind of is." you reply

you consider asking him if he's kissed any girls, but before you can he asks

"how about boys?"

"no," you say flatly.

the question doesn't offend you, but you haven't really grappled with your sexuality yet, either.

<> leans over kisses you on the mouth. it goes much more smoothly than it had at that unfortunate birthday party you were invited to.

he pulls away. 

"well, you didn't headbutt me" he says as he winks.

you pull him closer and kiss him back.

this is the first time you've made out with anyone, let alone another boy. maybe florida is better than you previously gave it credit for.

you and <> make out for what seems like hours as the moon rises higher and higher into the sky.

you feel his toned chest, and he repositions himself on your lap. you keep him from floating away by holding his waist, your fingers lightly touching the top of his butt.

he presses himself into and kisses you deeper. you can feel his penis get hard against your stomach.

your penis is also hard, and you know that he now knows that, as he's sitting on it.

with his arms draped around your neck he says "move us closer to the shore"

you move yourselves into a few inches of water, and as you do he reaches between your legs and feels your erection through your bathing suit.

you allow this.

"lay back."

"why?"

he pushes you backwards so you'e laying in the water.

"becuase i want to give you a blowjob"

the concept of a blowjob is not unfamiliar to you, but up until a bit ago you had never even kissed a boy, and now this one was wanting to kiss your dick.

"have you ever given a blowjob before?"

"no," he says as he pulls your penis over your waistband "but i want to try"

he holds your hard dick in his hand and strokes it a bit.

"is this ok? yours is bigger than mine"

you nod, noticing his own hard dick pinned down against his leg under his bathing suit.

he kisses you and there in the shallow waters of some beach in florida, a boy you only had met a few days ago, took you into his mouth and began blowing you.

florida is awesome. in florida, you conquered the waters and a boy gave you your first blowjob.

<> pulls your bathing down to expose your balls. they're basically inside of you at this point because of the chilly water and all of the aforementioned kissing, but he doesn't care and starts licking them and sucking them.

"does that feel good" he asks?

"really really good"

he smiles and goes refocuses his attention on your dick, which he's slowly stroking with one hand. he has his other hand shoved down his bathing suit and is touching himself.

you don't last long. his warm mouth is overstimulating.

a soft moan escapes your mouth.

"i think i'm going to..."

and a stream of cum erupts from your dick all over his face

"sorry -- that felt really good and i couldn't control myself"

he grins, wipes cum from his mouth, and then tastes it.

"it tastes salty like the ocean" he says, laughing.

you cannot believe a boy just blew you in the ocean. you're having lots of new experiences in a very short span of time. 

he's still kneeling between your legs. your swimsuit is around your ankles. you've gone soft, but his erection is still very visible.

"your turn" you say to him. you cover your nakedness and lift <> out of the water. he wraps his legs around you and you support him by firmly squeezing his ass, which makes you start to get hard again.

you carry him over to your towel island and assume a similar position he was just in. you trace the outline of his penis against his wet swimsuit

"is this ok?"

he takes your hand and puts it down his pants. you caress his balls in one hand and undress him with the other until he's laying naked on your towels. his penis stands at  attention, pointing upwards, towards the heavens. his hairless balls and butt are completely exposed to the nighttime air.

his penis looks a little different than your own, but seeing his butt for the first time made your full erection return and you decide to be naked with <> while you try sucking his dick.

you kneel over him and take both of your penises into your hand and rub them together. that feels really nice. you lightly touch his butthole, and that also feels really nice. you notice as you do that, <> becomes a little harder, and you get the impression that feels nice to him.

and then you get to work returning the favor of giving him a blowjob.

you start at the base of his shaft, and work your way up to the tip, which you have to pull back a bit to expose

"that doesn't hurt or anything right?"

"no -- it feels great!"

you open your mouth wide and take his whole length into your mouth.

<> cums instantly.

you cum again.

hot liquid sprays against the back of your throat. the texture of his jizz is unpleasant, but you keep sucking until he stops.

after you've both caught your breaths, you say "yep. salty like the ocean"

he laughs, still breathing still shallow.

"can i lick you .... there" indicating his tight, pink hole

he bites his bottom lip and nods enthusiastically. you lift his hips, spread his legs, and tentatively lick his butt. his skin is salty from swimming, but there's also a spiciness  

***

up:: 
back:: 
forward:: 
layer:: [[layer-099]]

***

year:: [[timeblock-year-2025|2025]]
quarter:: [[timeblock-quarter-4|Q4]]
month:: [[timeblock-month-11|November]]
week:: [[timeblock-week-46|W46]]
date:: [[timeblock-date-Nov13|Nov 13]]
day:: [[timeblock-weekday-4|Thursday]] ([[timeblock-monthday-13|13th]])
hour:: [[timeblock-hour-18|H18]]

***
