---
aliases:
  - "2025316224318"
  - Jesus of Atlanta
tags: []
related:
---

# you meet jesus at a lesbian bar

you order a gin & tonic from a butch bartender and sit on a barstool and enjoy being gay while you wait for your Grindr date at an establishment that refers to itself as a "church."

there are lesbians everywhere.

you are a visitor in their space and keep to yourself as you pull up the pictures of the cute, latino twink you've been chatting with all day and scan from him amongst a sea of shes and theys

it's fall. it's "mildly chilly" if you hail from The Midwest and "fucking cold" if you live in The South. you're bundled in sporty, black overcoat that's lined with techwear, namely an aerogel-based fabric that gives you an additional +1 to cold protection.

you wear undies that highlight both [[2025303132942|Merlin the Magnificent]] and your fantastic ass. you hope to be wearing his undies back home tomorrow night.

Jesus's.

When a cute boy named Jesus messages you and seems to want to know you -- biblically -- you arrive already prepared for potential naked wrestling activities.

Jesus arrives and he's also bundled against the elements. you wonder if he's also wearing cute undies.

you greet him and buy him a drink to warm his spirits. you flirt with him. he flirts back.

a short time later you find yourself in a dimly lit corner of the bar pressed up against Jesus, his tongue fully down your throat and his hands fully down your pants. you feel his hard cock press against your leg and as he rubs up against you, a drop of precum leaks from your own engorged member.

you exchange and look and come to a silent understanding that you need to take these activities to a bedroom asap. you decide to leave the bar and go to Jesus's place -- because he lives closer.

he lights a candle and invites you to take off your coat and boots. he brings you another drink and slides his hand between your legs, as if asking permission to unzip your pants.

you don't stop him.

he peels your jeans off you, and lightly touches the wet spot that's now formed on your navy, bamboo briefs. he cups your whole package and fondles your balls a bit. you are so hard it almost hurts.

he smiles, gets on his knees, and begins inhaling your musk, which is a mixture of a warm, rich fragrance you wear during fall and winter, booze from the bar, and ball sweat.

he's wearing more of a femme frgrance himself, but you know he smells equally as intoxicating.

he fishes your hairless, smooth balls out of your underwear and puts both of them in his mouth. to taste you. as he chortles your balls, he squeezes your ass, and you feel another drop of slippery precum form on the tip of your dick and giggle as you realize that your basment is now completely flooded.

at the bar, your own south of the border expeditions lead you to believe Jesus is ... packing. his own friends not-so-subtly insinuated that he was well-endowed. after a few moments of having your entire ballsack in his mouth he comes up for air and gazes into your eyes.

you guide him to his bed and help him out of his tight pants. as you take his pants off, he leans back, pulls his knees near his head, and presents you with his beautiful hole perfect bubble butt framed by a skimpy, white jockstrap. jesus also wore cute undies. you resist the urge to dive face first into his ass and take a minute to admire his pringles can-sized erection that his jockstrap is barely containing.

a different jesus was known for being a carpenter, but this jesus had *wood*

you whisper "holy fuck" and jokingly ask him "has anyone ever told you that you have an absolutely massive cock?"

he bites his lip, whips it out and says "all the time"

he glances at your own bulge and notes "it looks like you do as well" as he starts slowly stroking his enormous, thick, uncut cock.

he's laying on the edge of the bed. you take off your now soaked underwear and toss them at his face. he grins hungrily and sniffs them as you kneel on the floor and position yourself under him, directly facing his ass.

you kiss every inch of his carmel-colored ass and when you arrive at his hole you lick it from the bottom to the top and get him all wet and loosened up before you start exploring inside him.

he moans softly and spreads himself open, and you take that as a cue to shove your tongue into his warmth as far as it will go.

you wrap your left hand around your cock which is glistening with your own fluids and jerk yourself a bit while he beats his meat against your face

you remain buried between his sweet cheeks for some time, and after your mouth is numb, you free his heavy testicles from his jockstrap and slowly lick and suck on each one. in addition to being hung like a horse, jesus has a set of low-hanging balls that rival a bull's. he had your balls in his mouth earlier, so you figure it's only fair to return the favor and about choke them as you struggle to fit both of them inside your mouth.

he takes his underwear completely off and tosses them aside, fully exposing his 10" or 11" penis.

you can barely wrap your hand around his monster cock, but you lick every inch of it, just like you licked every inch of his ass and every inch of his huge sack of holding.

you could spend hours worshipping between jesus's legs

and you do. waiting for him to ask you to penetrate him. 

"fuck me" jesus whispers

you stand and step out of your undies which you had lowered to play with yourself while you ate Jesus out.

you pull him closer to the edge of the bed, and press your own big dick against his saliva-covered hole. you don't enter him -- you just tease him a bit with the tip while you spit into your hand and ensure you're both well-lubricated.

"can i come inside you" you ask shyly

jesus nods vigourously and fingers his asshole open and pulls his legs further back so you can deep dick him.

you press your throbbing cock against jesus's warm and wet hole and lean forward to insert yourself in him.

he shudders with pleasure, and you wait for him to adjust to your girth. he feels heavenly. he's smooth and tight and you know you're going to absolutely flood his insides with a huge load of white-hot cum within a matter of minutes.

you thrust a bit and he accepts more of your length. you brace yourself using one of his legs and thrust a bit deeper until your balls deep and your entire cock is buried in his ass.

you pull nearly all the way out and slam it back in as jesus begins strokes 

***

up:: 
back:: 
forward:: 
layer:: [[layer-099]]

***

year:: [[timeblock-year-2025|2025]]
quarter:: [[timeblock-quarter-4|Q4]]
month:: [[timeblock-month-11|November]]
week:: [[timeblock-week-46|W46]]
date:: [[timeblock-date-Nov12|Nov 12]]
day:: [[timeblock-weekday-3|Wednesday]] ([[timeblock-monthday-12|12th]])
hour:: [[timeblock-hour-22|H22]]

***
