---
aliases:
  - "2025303105520"
  - Golden Retriever Energy
tags:
  - deckofmanythings
related:
---
# introduction

i'm going to test my dming skills live on camera using a bit of prop magic: a literal deck of many things.

as every good dm knows, decks of many things are extremely powerful magical artifacts you can give to your players to fuck up your carefully planned campaign.

decks of many things contain symbolic cards infused with arcane energy, like tarot cards. unlike tarot cards, though, cards in the deck of many things have agency and drawing them *may* lead to unexpected and transformative results.

it's dangerous to go alone! proceed with caution and take notes!

# recap

you exit the ice floe after a number of hours after the witching hour holding a magically sorted stack of unassuming 3x5 index cards and a bookmark -- which itself is a card -- that depicts "[[2025303114346|The Moon]]"

magic, mystery, and intrigue. we're off to a good start.

you glance down at the index cards you're holding and see the phrase 'golden retriever energy' written in sharpie by a capslock-ed hand and assume that it being the 1st card of a sorted deck is significant, so that is the title of this video.

your narrator has written "[[2025303115544|Bear Witness to the Unseen]]" on the back of this particular card. only he understands what this means.

by night, under the moon, you are employed as the night manager of gas station / convenience store codenamed "[[2025301170719|Snacks & Stimulants]]"

being the night manager of a gas station / convenience store is definitely an interesting job, and in this role, one meets many notable npcs, like Bruce

Bruce is a handsome, middle-aged gentleman who sports a very cool and flashy prosthetic leg that appears to constructed from carbon fiber and titanium. bruce has big golden retreiver energy and makes friends with every person.

while you were busying yourself by putting away vapes and newports, bruce explained to you that he had physically traveled somewhere to "see" a scene from a movie he liked. bearing witness to the unseen is a profound concept that you are not prepared to discuss because 

***

up:: 
back:: 
forward:: 
layer:: [[layer-099]]

***

year:: [[timeblock-year-2025|2025]]
quarter:: [[timeblock-quarter-4|Q4]]
month:: [[timeblock-month-10|October]]
week:: [[timeblock-week-44|W44]]
date:: [[timeblock-date-Oct30|Oct 30]]
day:: [[timeblock-weekday-4|Thursday]] ([[timeblock-monthday-30|30th]])
hour:: [[timeblock-hour-10|H10]]

***
